So the cut in library has different types of collections.
The one we've been looking at so far is the list of its case, immutable and mutable list of.
So these are implementation of the list, right collection.
Now there's another type of relevant collection type.
There are two types actually set and map.
So what you just said is a collection of unique elements.
And the order is that important in a set.
Let's go ahead and see how that works.
So let's get rid of these guys here.
I'm going to say found my set and I'm going to create a set of anyone who has an element here.
When I say you as Ms Z a you.
OK, that's enough.
So now let's go ahead and print this.
I say print out and say my set.
Let's see what's going to happen.
Right?
So there it is.
U.S. Embassy A, you know, although it looks the same as a list or mutable list, a set has a few different
properties, one of which is that each store's unique elements and their order is generally undefined.
So really, there's no order, even though we saw that this is ordered here.
But if you keep adding more items, there's really no order that is defined.
OK?
As we said, this is just a set of it's pretty much just like a list of which means this is immutable.
So I can't say, for instance, my set that add, you know, this, that's not going to work.
So what do you think would allow me to make a mutable set?
Yes, I will have to say something for my mutable set.
I'm going to say mutable set of.
And I can, of course, parse elements such as this.
In this case, I can just pass just a few numbers like that.
And I can say now my immutable set add in.
I can add, for instance, thirty four and then down here can just say my mutable set.
You'll see that we should get all the numbers that I think will notice that it's very interesting if
I try to add, let's say three.
Let's see what's going to happen.
Right?
You notice that a set in this case only allows unique values.
I'll show you something interesting.
If I go back to my immutable list here, we know it's mutable, so I'm going to add something to it.
So my mutable, listless add in number that we already know it exists.
Let's add another three four and we're going to go ahead and print l'an my immutable list.
That is.
OK, so you can see what's happening here.
Let's go ahead and run.
And you'll see we have 13, 12, 34, 45, 13 and 34 is repeated again.
So one of the differences here is that immutable list quite old lists.
In general, we can have repeating values because we can see here we have 12, three, four four, five,
12, one, 23 and 34 again.
However, we try to add to our mutable set three because already contains three.
It just ignores that it doesn't add three actually add a different number.
If you run this, we should see 123 added to our set.
So here we have set the next collection type, so we have list.
We'll talk about the set and its different implementations.
Right set of this is immutable and mutable.
Set of is mutable, so you see the trend here.
The next one is map, right?
I like maps because I will show you why maps.
So a map, as the name implies, allows us to map values so we can say, for instance, a maps to one,
see maps to 10 and so forth.
So we have this key value pair relationship that we can add.
OK, let's go ahead and create one.
So I'm going to go ahead and say, Val, pull this secret map.
And when I use a map of yes, and you can see here in this function, it says, is a pair.
So it's a pair.
We have key invalidate.
The syntax may be very strange because we haven't talked about classes or objects and so forth.
But what we're saying here is that it's going to require a pair of key value pairs.
So a map of in this case, this is immutable.
Yes, you guessed it.
So what we're going to do here, so we're going to say first, we're going to put a key and then map
it to a value.
So this case, I could start a key with the type.
In this case, it can be anything.
I'm going to start with the key of string type.
I'm going to say, for instance, I like.
Is and I must say it's going to map to what I'm going to map it to one, for instance, and then I see
down key map it to to say left and say to map two three and then I'm going to continue right.
I'm going to map this to four as such.
All right.
As we do map retail and secret map such, let's go ahead and comment this out.
So we don't have all this prints showing up here.
All right.
And voila, you can see there is a string representation, so up is equal to one down is equal to two,
left three and so forth and waiting here.
We can also go, for instance, if I want to get all the keys, I can just a secret map like that and
say dot keys, right?
It's to give a set of strings of keys.
If I run this, we're going to see all the keys so up, down, left, right.
The same thing.
We can go and get the entries in this case or in this case, I'm just going to go ahead and get the
values.
OK, let's see values.
Should get all the numbers one, two, three four.
And anything we can do, we can actually check who can say, for instance, if OP is in our secret map
like this, then I want to print.
Yes, is in something like that.
Let's go and run and you can see yes, is in because I'm indeed is in secret map.
So what happens here is going to go and check to see if there is up inside of our secret map file there.
Same way I can do something like this if I can, let's say before in secret map and go and get the values
I say print yes, is in is there for there and we should see another.
Yes is in.
So we have to.
Yes, is there.
And as always, we are also able to add something to our map.
Obviously, not the map of we will have to create.
Yes, you guessed it, we have to create another immutable secret map.
Very long names.
But it's OK.
So say immutable.
I love to see immutable map of there we go.
In this case here, I'm going to say one is going to be mapped to one to two like this three to three.
So now I can actually add some of my immutable secret map.
I can see that ad. So for a set, we don't have ad we have put actually.
So I said that put you can see it says here we can pass.
There is a different kind of puts forward.
We can put the pairs in interval and so forth.
Let's go ahead and use the most simple ones.
So put it, we can put key and value.
So the key is going to be I'm going to see four and then the value is going to be number four selected
as in quite likely this I'm going to just go see alt enter or option enter and then I'm going to convert
that to assignment like this.
So looks like it prefers to pass the square brackets like this and pass four and then set equal like
that.
Either way, works just a preference of the idea.
So now if I actually just go ahead and print out when my mutable secret map, we should see that another
key value pair was added.
In all I can see, there is one, two, three and four.
All right.
So this is very basic, but I hope it gets you in the frame of mind here of understanding, OK, the
things that we have at our disposable to use in codling when it comes to collections.
OK.
There are a lot of other things we can do with collections.
Obviously, that would take probably 20 hours, but this is the basics and the fundamentals.
So for you to understand how collections work in cuddling?
OK, so now you can be very dangerous because you understand or you've learned a lot of things.
So go back and get a cup of coffee or whatever it is that you drink and relax and think about the things
that he can do now as a cutlet programmer.
All right, I'll see you next VIDEO.